Mr. Fang
What do you mean by that?
Chairperson, you don't know yet, do you?
That thing at the barbecue stand last night
What is he thinking too?
What did you say?
This time I won't mind my own business
But he didn't have the guts.
Making excuses for myself
Said it was a young couple quarreling
I have never seen such a weak man
And this kind of thing
Su Hao really didn't expect you to be such a person
Why don't you have any male blood at all?
Usually looks good alone
I didn't expect to be so cowardly
How could I be in the same company as someone like you?
What a shame
Or is our party always amazing?
You subdue the bad guy in two or three strokes.
I'm really a role model
Yes, we have to learn from Mr. Fang
What a hero.
Chairperson to
I think people like this have no love, no responsibility and responsibility.
They don't deserve to stay in our company
I suggest
fire you
Fire me, I would like to ask which company rule I violated
Saving people is love
It is duty not to save
Besides, in case you save that woman
She's a viper
She doesn't just appreciate you
And accused you of raping her
Your family was destroyed and your wife was separated
You are cowardly
And give yourself so many excuses
Don't you think it's funny?
I saved him.
He thanked me before it was too late
Why slander me
Why are you blackmailing me?
If you don't have the guts, don't make an excuse for not having the guts.
That's him!
Miss Zhang, why are you here?
This also brought so many journalist friends
Oops, these are all things I should do.
And with great fanfare
But I'm sorry.
He beat up my boyfriend and raped me.
He's not a hero at all
He is a rapist.
Sure enough, it should come or come
So what do you do?